Version 0.19.0 (#1641)
Kludex/uvicorn: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 0.19.0 - 2022-10-19

### Added

- Support Python 3.11 (#1652) 16/09/22
- Bump minimal `httptools` version to `0.5.0` (#1645) 13/09/22
- Ignore HTTP/2 upgrade and optionally ignore WebSocket upgrade (#1661) 19/10/22
- Add `py.typed` to comply with PEP 561 (#1687) 07/10/22

### Fixed

- Set `propagate` to `False` on "uvicorn" logger (#1288) 08/10/22
- USR1 signal is now handled correctly on `UvicornWorker`. (#1565) 26/08/22

> - Use path with query string on `WebSockets` logs (#1385) 11/09/22

Author: ```suggestion
- Use path with query string on `WebSockets` logs (#1385) 11/09/22
- Fix behavior on which "Date" headers were the same per connection (#1706) 19/10/22 
```

# Change Log

## 0.19.0 - 2022-10-19

### Added

- Support Python 3.11 (#1652) 16/09/22
- Bump minimal `httptools` version to `0.5.0` (#1645) 13/09/22
- Ignore HTTP/2 upgrade and optionally ignore WebSocket upgrade (#1661) 19/10/22
- Add `py.typed` to comply with PEP 561 (#1687) 07/10/22

### Fixed

- Set `propagate` to `False` on "uvicorn" logger (#1288) 08/10/22
- USR1 signal is now handled correctly on `UvicornWorker`. (#1565) 26/08/22
- Use path with query string on `WebSockets` logs (#1385) 11/09/22

> - Fix behavior on which "Date" headers were the same per connection (#1706) 19/10/22 

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix behavior on which "Date" headers were not updated on the same connection (#1706) 19/10/22 
```
